---
title: Privacy Policy
has_children: false
nav_order: 2
---

**Privacy Policy**

Erik Gomez built the Blossom Rain app as an Open Source app. This SERVICE is provided by Erik Gomez at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Blossom Rain unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

I will never collected data as this is not needed for the application.

**Log Data**

I do not need to collect log data as this is not needed for the application.

**Cookies**

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies”.

**Service Providers**

I may communicate with Lotus Coffee Products to keep this application updated with the latest recipes and logic.

**Security**

This application does not need a connection to the internet.

**Links to Other Sites**

This Service contains links to Lotus Coffee Products website.

**Children’s Privacy**

I do not collect personally identifiable information from children.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2023-11-04

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at blossomrain@skyedesign.io.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)
